[Music]
[Applause]
welcome to disturbing comics where we
talk about the craziest comics
it's a new year and we are finishing the
first volume of the crazy crooked cross
make sure you check out the first video
or you might be a little lost
because these last pages are gorier than
the battle
of trost excellent segway into my next
question
in today's question would you rather
live in the attack on thai universe as a
member of the survey corps
or would you rather be in a coalition
against the cross i doubt i have the
luck of being able to turn into a titan
and i'd most definitely be fodder since
my last name
isn't ackerman and so let's finish this
over the top ride
remember this comment is a bucket of
[ __ ] it's a [ __ ] of buck
if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts
stay tuned for the breakdown cue the
gohan
last time on crossed stan and cindy just
offed a bunch of children
they did it thinking it was the best
option to put them out of their misery
but it doesn't stop the group from
thinking that the two leaders
are losing their morals on the cover of
this issue
we're introduced to horse
cock-a-doodle-doo and his stumpy friend
why is he called that i'm sure you can
guess
cockadoodle and his group of cross are
different than most
they actually kept survivors alive for a
while just so that they can experience
the most pain
later so much of issue 4 is them
avoiding these sadistic members
as they plan on getting to alaska like
they mentioned in
the last video then we get to this
telltale
the walking dead moment where the group
have to cross a beam over a broken
bridge
anybody could fall right well everybody
whose name
i can remember survives at least but
stump he can sense human beings
like he's a hell's kitchen lawyer being
born again
the group all make it in before
cockadoodle can get them
but one woman is left to hang when the
beam falls
rather than cindy losing a bullet and
suffering at the hands of the cross
the woman falls down below issue 5 is
the most chill so far like
i don't think there is a cross in it
unless you count the cover page
really this issue isn't much to discuss
stan and cindy do a lot of talking i'm
sure stan is attracted to her a bit
her son patrick never says a word but
she's raising him to be the literal
reincarnation of jesus
i skipped the flashbacks a lot because i
just don't think they matter much
it's the philosophy of not dwelling on
the past and
moving forward for me but y'all can read
the comic online if you want to see what
happens in the flashbacks
basically just conversations about why
who
where right after the apocalypse this
issue ends with cindy showing patrick a
pack of wolves
a beautiful sight showing that things
aren't as bad as they could be
issue six is where we get some
interesting backstory about keitrik
this guy has been with the gang for a
while and has always been sad and quiet
first the group narrowly hides from a
pack of cross
but it's obvious that the colder it gets
the more incapable the cross
are a [ __ ] has joined the survivors
named
brett he's crude and annoying and i'm
sure if he didn't have
food to supply stan would have offed him
a while ago
brett makes an ignorant comment about
kitrick being sad
during literal hell on earth well this
is why kittrick is barely keeping on
on zero day kitrick and his wife and two
kids
are out on the beach he's in the water
when his wife tells him that the people
on the radio
are saying something bad is happening
before he can even warn his wife
a cross comes up and off her head right
in front of her little younglings
if they survive they are definitely
going to be scarred for life
but they don't get out of it they get
brutalized with shovels
and knives to the point that they don't
even look like humans anymore
and the icing on the cake is that they
throw the wise remains in the ocean for
him to see
ever since then he has rarely spoken
after that depressing story their
survivors plan their routes
remember they're trying to avoid the
canadian border under the assumption
that the cross
soldiers are waiting but planning to
avoid the cross has
tempers flaring between brett and stan
to the point that stan has to be
dismissed to be lookout
it was his time anyway is it time to get
sentimental in here
i mean stan does taking a dog when it's
not the best decision
and also jeff he's getting plenty
sentimental as well
he's saying that the group is his only
friends ever
he's pretty old too the reason why is
because he's not like other people
he begins his backstory plagued by
conforming all his life and
not clicking with the girls thomas tells
him he can let all the story out
jeff is like i'm not like other people
because
i have desires desires that i
often fulfilled jeff explains that
he used to kidnap and torture young men
cut them up and bury them underneath his
house
everybody is shocked that he revealed
this and even kendrick is surprised
well anyway his serial killer days went
to hell when he accidentally kidnapped
someone who is changing into a cross
the entire group is looking at jeff like
he's the devil now
i mean he is a killer yeah you had no
friends
felt pain couldn't talk to women
whatever a lot of people are like that
now all those young people you kidnapped
and murdered
they can't even experience things again
kitrick is the only one to help compose
jeff but this is just to get him to shut
up
kitrick nods with cindy knowing what to
do about jeff without even speaking
that next morning kitrick would kill
jeff for the safety of the group
and just overall belated punishment
kinda like when carol killed lizzie
issue seven is what i've been waiting on
things are going to go down this time
joel would be proud not this joel
that joel the survivors are walking
through the desert
making sure they use the road so nobody
tracks them
however they have been tracked by horse
cock-a-doodle-doo
and his gang that includes stumpy
kelly and stumpy are both blind but it
looks like stumpy's hearing and other
senses are really strong for some reason
even more impressive is that horse
cockadoodle cockadoodledoo knows this
fact
and uses it to track the group even
though the last time they saw them
was months ago these are supercross
the guys are caught lagging as they make
their way out over a waterfall
and kendrick is shot while he was
holding patrick
patrick falls all the way down the
waterfall now they don't know where the
hell patrick is
until lacrosse uses the missing
walkie-talkie
to explain that they have patrick and
that they have done this stuff to him
i'm not even going to say that
kendrick ironically doubts these claims
especially when they say they killed him
don't know why you wouldn't
think they are telling the truth i mean
these crosses are smart enough to want
you to suffer
just knowing what they did still
kitcher's anger inspires the group to
fight back for once
no more running away with a hell of
bullets
the group easily kills a group of cross
but then cindy sees her son running
she chases after him but once he turns
around is revealed he has turned
with no second thought at all cindy puts
her son
out of his misery the one thing she
cared about is gone
the person she was hoping would make it
out alive and
not use curse words horse cockadoodle
laughs on the walkie-talkie as cindy
takes time to herself
issue 8 is one of my favorites the group
all stay together and cindy stays busy
after what happened to patrick
soon they come across an old military
plane that was used for operations after
zero day
stan reads a long diary entry but to
shorten it
i'll say this a military group was given
the mission to escort
scientists to nuclear facilities to shut
them down
and unknown to those scientists they
would be killed
so that they couldn't turn the
facilities back on
that's why there has been no more
nuclear strikes or anything
and the author of the diary breaks his
leg
when this helicopter grows crashing both
of those legs
and is left to die wondering if he has
been a good person
the group of survivors is small and it's
about to get smaller
stan murders brett when he keeps kicking
the dog
and it's just being an annoying person
now the group is literally just stan
cindy kelly thomas and kendrick stan
talks to cindy why because he wants to
help her bury her son patrick
honestly first reading it i feel like
that's not the best uses of time
when y'all literally are walking for
days after he died
they argue about it for a bit with
stan's main point being that
going back to bury him will help recover
their humanity
after doing so many inhuman stuff
killing kids leaving people to die and
just recently
killing a guy for being annoying
nonetheless
cindy agrees with him to bury patrick
and that means stan
and cindy will go together leaving
kedrick thomas
and kelly to follow the plan of going
north the best that they
can alright the final issue of cross
volume one i'm not going to lie ends a
lot better than i thought
so stan and cindy actually make it back
to the area where patrick died and they
bury him
cindy really did need this and i'm glad
that it helps both of them feel like
human beings again
the two stop to eat at a church where
they think about those
harsh decisions they have to make the
big decision is that doing the little
things aren't a waste of time
especially when we did them for each
other
they kept us far removed from the cross
at the end of the day
the two take down a body on a cross
before heading out
thomas kelly and kendrick are still
alive but turns out they are being
tracked by horse cockadoodle and the
gang of cross
kitri says you two move on i'll pretend
to surrender
and kill as many as i can in other words
he plans to die he's only just realized
that he has no reason to want to keep
living anymore but
he is going down fighting his final
attack doesn't go well
i mean he kills a few but they literally
chop his hand off
horse cockadoodle stops the gang from
doing certain stuff to kitrick to death
stan and cindy are close by after
rendezvousing near positions that were
mapped out for the group to meet back up
but now they see thomas and kelly are in
danger cockadoodle knocks away thomas
but before he can even do anything to
kelly thomas bites
chunks out of the big guy's neck then
the two put a bullet in this unique
cross variant now thomas is infected
he can actually feel it rushing inside
of him
still kelly doesn't know this and asks
him to kill her
and leaves her behind instead he leads
her away to the cliff
and they both jump off to their deaths i
expected something like this to happen
stan and cindy are watching above and
plan to avenge their friends
who all died from this particular group
with a barrage of bullets
the two dispatch each and every cross
with no fear of them
we all realize that while they represent
humanity's worst
evil thoughts that's really all they are
and humanity it always wins at the end
not just the race but
the goodness they have eventually stan
and cindy and the dog
all make it to the mountains or whatever
i'm guessing this is near alaska
but the three all make their way to an
uncertain future but one thing is for
sure
they do have each other the end
that was the end of cross volume one a
starter volume where infected humans do
the worst thing they can think
of course you can find all of these
issues online with just a simple google
search
but this is a cool infection type story
where the author just let loose
on his [ __ ] now let me take the time
to show you some of your recommendations
starving anonymous octopus girl
brutal nyam makan preacher
the boys johnny the homicidal maniac
nail biter young witches brat pack
and literally anything about junji ito
okay well
thanks for watching this video and make
sure you like the video and subscribe if
you like me
or you like messed up stuff whatever
here's to an excellent year
for all the spooky verse spooky out